2321 hello comes back twice daniel
quite in public and solemnly the
Handover please was a honor to me
thank you
i am gone i have not i have im
the rest found an end in mine
Bearing design as I was outside was yes
but that brings us to believe anyway
not so I have to stop
always explain i have my warehouse
further developed people for telstra by
is built but not recorded
I'm here because you're ne I'm good
just ne and so I also had all
asks world when built offender finally
what he has and does make does not
if he knew what was going on right now
I just tried bookshelves
2 mg of wood on top make wood and make
the individual leather what I wanted that
do
I have to stop, I need my stock
now so slow its people too so
you know here comes our camp
and the mitchell is always one
lager integrates its own box here
where I always stuff from you in the box
fire cause
I had just seen it here myself I see
had just not I know on why
there is just the number or is
normal
beverstedt down
because we are still in the nickname
start recording in him awake
made and I seem to have me why
but possible on a fresh start as it
sometimes power is cut off
So I have it in and out now
I also wanted to briefly explain
by wdr 5 that I am on mine
travel to kill the dealers on unfortunately
once I died again
format
I do not understand that from the
no longer alone but with
you're only starting to
yes I 'm waiting here now we will
even wait for you yes I have to wait
I have to look for a cave again
because as I said welcome
that good why sap i'll send you then
a couple then you can him in
Well, well, I also sent
a bit of a clear
So far , we really have to
make that we make a rides
We upload all three where we go
always one third each from one
others take divided like that
cut together wise
there is full well then you have in one
video three then yes is good let's
yes, play the good
why mine the good let's play minecraft
to gaza am or super idea then one is
Idea for a special I make you
ready people there comes then
next choice comes the bad display
but doing that and in the bad
what then so we without sound
the video shows without mirroring the title
Oh yes, yes we could of course
give it a try
that simply has this in reverse
that's right , without the human being
so i will not worry in the future
build more but I have yet to
then I 'll get a bow enchantment
I'm really good, yes, I hang on
back then as outtake I can
this had to upload in any case
because the solemn delivery
so we have to go now
times make short and wait, or now
he goes so then we can indeed do
make something easy after recording
So or so from there I made no
idea